Editorial nits from @gorryfair, thanks! (#223)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

see also {{?RFC7605}} section 5.

While the second most significant bit (0x40) of the first octet is set to
1 in most QUIC packets of the current version (see {{public-header}} and
section 17 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}), this method of recognizing QUIC traffic

> is NOT RECOMMENDED. First, it only provides one bit of information and is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is not sustainable. First, it only provides one bit of information and is
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is not reliable. First, it only provides one bit of information and is
```

additional entropy beyond the 5-tuple, if needed. The QUIC handshake needs
to be observed in order to understand whether the connection ID is present and
what length it has. However, connection IDs may be renegotiated during

> a connection, and this renegotiation is not visible to the path. Using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
after the handshake, and this renegotiation is not visible to the path. Using the
```

> connection ID as a flow key field for statful treatment of flows may therefore

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
connection ID as a flow key field for stateful treatment of flows may therefore
```

Reviewer 2: This sentence isn't quite as cautionary as I think it should be, but I don't have any good suggestion.

cause undetectable and unrecoverable loss

> of state in the middle of a connection. Use of connection ID specifically

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of state in the middle of a connection. Use of connection IDs is specifically
```
